[Music]
this work can be too much for people
even the best ones
it's just that somewhere I don't exactly
know how something got lost
you're going to have to make a decision
to commit to this life or to get out
it's not easy and it doesn't always end
well
you know not everybody around the world
wants us to be able to live in peace
there are people out there who don't
like our way of life the only way to get
to peace is to stand firm against those
who wish us harm and believe me they do
wish us harm there's trouble back home
what are you talking about something
came up with one of our couriers went
over to the Americans ooh it's been a
gold mine we're gonna get the illegals
here and all over the country based on
what we're learning the Russians are
sitting down with us of public
negotiating this big treaty but behind
our backs listed on our weapons and our
technology we've been mad about this a
long time I get why but this is it now
we believe in something so big they tell
us what to do when we do it but we do it
not them so it's on us all the Americans
final season two years March 28th one of
Mac's
you